>>REGINA MEREDITH: A subject
of great fascination to me
is the field of microscopy,
and one of its great heroes
was a man named
Royal Raymond Rife.
His breakthrough
with the invention
of the universal
microscope allowed science
to peer into how life works at
incredibly high magnifications.
This was the world's
first glimpse
into living cancer cells,
virus, and bacteria.
More so, Rife knew
how to reverse
the damage they caused
by using frequencies.
Remember, this was
nearly 100 years ago,
while medicine today still
looks for the cure for cancer.
Steve Ross knows more
about Rife's life and work
than anyone, and
he joins us today
to tell us about
the troubling tale
of Rife's life and his work.
And furthermore, you
have a treat ahead.
We are going to
be showing images
that have never
been seen before.
When you start peering into life
at 3.5 million magnification,
you realize all
of these diseases
should have been
eradicated ages ago.
>>STEVEN ROSS: A
very long time ago.
>>REGINA: Very long time ago.
And Steve, you know what I'd
like to do, if you don't mind,
is you found this quote.
Do you mind if I read it?
>>ROSS: Please.
>>REGINA: OK.
Because I think it's really
at the heart of everything
that we'll be talking
about after this.
This was a quote by Benjamin
Rush, founding father,
Declaration of Independence.
"Unless we put medical
freedom into the Constitution,
the time will come when
medicine will organize
into an undercover dictatorship
to restrict the art of healing
to one class of men and deny
equal privileges to others.
The Constitution of
the Republic should
make a special privileges
for medical freedoms
as well as religious freedom."
>>ROSS: It's very
apropos, and I think
it sets the tone for
virtually everything we're
going to be discussing today.
>>REGINA: That was a
concern even in those days.
And you and I have
talked off camera.
We know each other.
We've had three
interviews before this.
>>ROSS: Right.
>>REGINA: And this was even
a concern 500 years ago.
Something has been going
on by way of a corruption
all along to keep people away
from the things that heal.
>>ROSS: When we
look at Paracelsus,
who lived 1493 to
around 1540, in 1512,
he was talking in his writings
about the apothecaries
and what they were
concocting were actually
worse than the original
health problems--
that people were dying
from the therapy.
>>REGINA: Sound familiar?
>>ROSS: Exactly.
And we can jump ahead
right now and look
at the TV commercials that
saturate us every evening.
One of them in particular
struck me the other day.
It was for psoriasis.
And one of the side
effects was labeled fatal.
Now, fatal to me means the end.
>>REGINA: Maybe better to have
a skin disease than to be dead.
>>ROSS: Absolutely.
Right.
So somehow, we
have not corrected
something that was going on.
Now, back in Paracelsus'
day, he was basically
run out of most towns because
he told the apothecaries,
you have to tell us what's
really in these concoctions.
It is killing people.
They refused to do it then.
And basically, even though we
do know some of the ingredients,
we're looking at such
devastating adverse effects.
So I think the tone of our
talk today is two-fold.
One, there seems
to be a limitation
of the type of therapies
that are being integrated
into the system of this country.
And number two, the therapies
that we're using-- they're
not working.
They are absolutely not working.
>>REGINA: And the others
are being very intentionally
pushed aside.
Patents are not allowed.
They're revoked.
>>ROSS: Yes.
>>REGINA: All kinds
of things happen
to stop the genuinely
effective therapies
that we should have been
using for hundreds of years,
certainly since the
advent of electricity.
And I just want to give a little
tiny bit of back story here.
Steven and I-- when
I first met you,
what we realized is in
the 1980s, mid '80s, you
and I were chasing around-- you
were with the World Research
Foundation, and me
as a journalist--
were chasing around these
obscure stories of physicists
and vibrational
healing and so forth.
And we knew these
obscure people that
have been totally
obscured by now.
But one of them,
Bernard Muschlein,
was looking at things
that is exactly what we're
going to be talking about today.
>>ROSS: That's correct.
>>REGINA: He told me--
and it's the first time
I had heard that,
almost 30 years ago.
He said, "Cancer isn't
what people think it is.
It's a virus.
There are mutations that occur.
We can see it--"
because they were
looking through the Ergonom 400.
>>ROSS: Which was a
very powerful microscope
that was developed.
But again, that came
in the '70s and '80s.
And we have Royal Rife, who had
the most incredible microscope
in the 1920s to 1930s.
And there's is another topic
that's very important here.
They saw what was
called pleomorphism.
Now, pleomorphism is a
mutation that takes place
in certain elements
in the body where
they mutate to another form.
Only through the
Rife microscope were
they able to see that when
the environment has changed
that there is this
mutation that takes place.
So they can hunt all they
want in standard medicine
for some type of cure.
But this pleomorphism
means there
is a mutation that takes place.
This is why we've
been reading lately
that the pharmaceutical
products are not
working for these different
bacterias because they mutate.
Well, it has to be addressed.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's get into
some of the nuances.
We have a lot to talk
about in this hour.
Some of the nuances--
you had the Ergonom 400,
which we both experienced.
I was lucky enough to-- it
was in Kurt Olbrich's closet,
and I did a report on
it on CNN at the time
as the first
journalist in the world
to see the new version
of what Rife had done.
But Rife had something else--
this prismatic lens he had.
He was able to
identify, through color,
through this prismatic
crystal lens, frequencies
of virtually all of the
known ailments of the day.
>>ROSS: That's correct.
He's used counter
rotating prisms.
And he did something
that's called heterodyning.
But he did it with light.
Now, most people, physicists,
know heterodyning with sound.
You have one frequency.
You put another frequency.
They create a third frequency.
That's heterodyning.
But Rife did it with
light to the point
that every virus,
bacteria, microbe
illuminated in its own
natural frequency, which
was also a color.
Now, this was reported in
the Smithsonian Institute,
the printing vehicle of
the US government in 1944,
where they actually discussed
the various colors for typhus.
Cancer was a ruby red color.
So once it was determined there
was a particular frequency
for each virus
and bacteria, that
is the life force of that
particular particle or element.
And by the laws of resonance,
they used frequency generators
generating that same frequency
beamed against that specimen,
and it was instantly destroyed.
>>REGINA: And articles were
written about it in the day.
It wasn't as though
it went unnoticed.
It was very well noticed.
>>ROSS: It was
very well noticed.
>>REGINA: Very visible.
>>ROSS: And you brought
up a very good point here.
When I go on to some of
these information centers,
like the Wikipedias, and
even when you Google,
there is a very strange
phenomenon taking place.
What they've done
to Royal Rife is
say he purported to
have a cure for cancer
or he was using frequency.
And he had a microscope.
They have made it so trite.
But at the very time
that it was taking place,
the greatest
scientists in the world
were talking about
his microscope.
And here's the
phraseology they used.
"I'm dreaming about
the things I thought
through the microscope."
Another individual from the
University of California
said, "If this Rife ray
proves to be successful,
it'll be the greatest discovery
in therapeutic history."
The doctors represented the Mayo
Clinic, John Hopkins, Harvard,
USC Medical School.
And we actually have a picture.
>>REGINA: Yes, I'm so
excited that you brought it.
>>ROSS: This is the original
picture of a 1931 dinner
party celebrating the end of
disease and especially cancer.
And the doctors here--
>>REGINA: And the year again?
>>ROSS: 1931,
Pasadena, California.
So when I hear reports now--
Rife thought he had something--
well, a lot of other people
thought he had something, too,
because these were the greatest
researchers-- EC Rosa, now Mayo
Clinic, Arthur Kendall,
Northwestern University.
What we have, and the reason
I do know the story, is we
have 500 personal letters
of all of these doctors
and their work logs.
And another special
treat that I brought here
was within five years of the
picture that I showed you,
a lot of these doctors
claimed they never met Rife.
They never discussed cancer.
>>REGINA: Thank god those
letters still exist.
>>ROSS: Absolutely.
And here is the original
guest book from Royal Rife.
Let's see if we can--
>>REGINA: Yes.
And this documented the people
that came through his clinic.
>>ROSS: Exactly-- to visit
his clinic and the microscope,
several of which claimed
that they'd never met him.
>>REGINA: Right.
And there it is in
their own writing.
>>ROSS: And here they are.
So there's a lot of
times we hear about
and people talk
about conspiracies.
I want to make this very
clear to your audience.
This is not a conspiracy.
This is fact.
The fact is he developed a
super microscope more powerful
than anything in
existence at the time.
He was able to see things that
other people have not even
seen, basically, today.
And they set up healing centers
where they treated patients
with their theories and
were very, very successful.
And we have those records, also.
They were very, very successful.
So you and I are kind of
overviewing because there's
much more to the story here.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I want
go into his personal story,
because people need to hear what
happens to the great geniuses.
A lot of you who have been
watching this show and others
already know that you oftentimes
have some kind of misfortune
come your way if you're
particularly genius in a given
area that can help
humanity, especially when it
comes to healing.
>>ROSS: Right.
And I see this a lot.
I've got to call
myself as a librarian.
And our world research
has 35,000 books
dating to the 1400s.
We hold many, many items
like Rife and the Nemescope.
I have seen over the
years what has happened
to the brilliant people
who try to come out
with something innovative.
Now, Paracelsus stated--
>>REGINA: I was going to ask
you, what happened to him?
He died under rather
dicey circumstances.
>>ROSS: Well, he did.
And before he died,
his comment was
you can never come out with
anything new, because you will
interrupt the theory of one
of the medical professors
in the university who will
bombast you and place all
this pressure against you
because their theories must be
holding up, or they wouldn't
be the college professors
that they are.
This is what he was
complaining about--
>>REGINA: In the 1500s.
>>ROSS: --1512.
He ended up dying-- basically,
they found him with a slit
from the top of his
head down to his waist.
>>REGINA: Accidental causes?
>>ROSS: Of course,
you know how that is.
He was obviously doing
something incorrect.
>>REGINA: He slipped.
>>ROSS: But he was
run out of many towns
because he just didn't like what
they were doing at the time.
>>REGINA: Well, and also,
he was a master alchemist.
He was a master healer.
People were having
instantaneous,
spontaneous healings, I'm sure.
The medical community was not
fond of what he was doing.
It posed a great challenge
to the orthodoxy, as it was,
of the day.
>>ROSS: Right.
But isn't it nice to
know how far we've
progressed since 1512?
>>REGINA: Not much.
>>ROSS: Not much at all.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's go back to Rife.
Again, this whole notion
that these books--
there are hand written
books with these frequencies
that still exist-- a frequency
for each and every disease.
We're going to get into why,
with various types of devices
today, it's not working
the same, anyway.
But first, tell us about
Royal Raymond Rife,
what happened to him after
he came out with all of this,
and then the legacy of his
microscope and other goods.
>>ROSS: Well, let's
backtrack just a little bit
and let your audience
be aware that Rife
was a chauffeur for
a man named Timken
in San Diego who had
a ball bearing factory
and was making ball bearings
for the carriages at the time.
And Rife told him
that he thought
that he could build a
device that would far
outshine anything
that was in existence.
And Timken provided him
$1 million, basically.
Back in the mid-- I'd say,
1915, that is a lot of money
then and now, but
back then especially.
Rife put together
a whole shop and he
creates the super microscope.
But let's put it in proportion.
Basically, research microscopes
that are in use today
do 1,800 magnification.
>>REGINA: In natural
light.
>>ROSS: In natural light,
looking at living specimens.
>>REGINA: That's average?
2,000?
>>ROSS: Correct.
>>REGINA: In
natural light today?
>>ROSS: Today.
>>REGINA: Why?
That's rather--
>>ROSS: Well, because
there's something
called the theoretical
limitations
with the light and a light beam.
Now, we've heard of
electron microscopes,
but-- They may have
great magnification,
but they put the
specimen in a vacuum,
bombard it with electronics,
and you cannot look at anything
live.
>>REGINA: No, it's all dead.
>>ROSS: Nor can you
look at it in color.
Nor can you look in depth.
You only have gray scales.
So here comes Rife.
And in the 1920s, he
builds his microscope
that basically, his universal
did 60,000 magnification.
60,000.
Now, that is so much greater
than what is used today.
Plus, they could see
in color, because they
were seeing the
frequency colors.
Now, I do want to
make this statement,
because there's a lot of
people-- if you go and Google,
there must be a million
and a half sites.
I will say this.
I want to say this
to your audience.
I would like to know, out of all
these people, how many of them
have ever had the
Rife microscope,
ever read any of the
letters or notes.
And they are writing all
kinds of things out there
and building machines.
>>REGINA: Right.
It's all hearsay.
>>ROSS: We have had--
I have personally
had the universal Rife
microscope for over four years.
>>REGINA: I want to
get into that story.
>>ROSS: And so I don't want to
make this sound like I have it,
you don't, but I'm going to.
We are more familiar with it
than all the people who copy.
They remind me of the old game
we played in school called
telephone, where somebody
whispers in somebody's ear,
and at the end of the line,
it comes out as [GIBBERISH].
People take and people take
and copy and talk about Rife,
and he did this, and people
tell me, yeah, he was murdered.
They really do not know
what they're talking about.
So what we're sharing
here is coming
from their actual letters
from having the microscope.
I do not proclaim
that I'm a physicist,
but I do have enough
knowledge to know
what they were attempting
to do by their own words.
They had it.
They knew they had something.
They experimented,
and they proved
that they could devitalize
and destroy cancer
over and over and over
with no side effects.
>>REGINA: And just
before we sat down,
you handed me this letter,
which was written by Rife.
And he said, "I've never
made any claims or statements
that virus was the
causative agent in cancer.
But I know it is."
And this gets back to what
we saw through the Ergonom
400 all those years ago.
>>ROSS: Right.
>>REGINA: Now, you
said something.
It's really beyond
my imagination
that they're only using
2,000 magnification when
this other technology exists.
Now, you said
something key there,
which is there is
no theoretical basis
to believe that we can
see anything beyond 2,000.
That's almost in the
cave in the Dark Ages
compared to what's
actually been out there.
And the same thing--
Kurt Olbrich,
who's the inventor
of the Ergonom 400
told me the same
thing in the '80s.
He said when he took it
to the top in Europe--
I think it was in Germany--
the top optical physicists,
he said, there is no reason
this should work, but it does.
And I will find the theory.
Now, that's a little
more positive statement.
>>ROSS: Right.
Well, at the beginning of the
article from the Smithsonian
Institute, as it leads in
to Royal Rife, it says,
"Royal Rife who, for
many years, have built
microscopes that far surpassed
the theoretical limitations."
I read that and go, how do
you surpass a limitation?
A limitation means
it's a limitation.
>>REGINA: Theoretical limitation
is a limitation in thought.
>>ROSS: That's right.
And by the way, I don't know
if you're aware of this,
but we talked about
Bernard Muschlein.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROSS: When Bernard
Muschlein came
to speak at a World
Research Congress in 1986,
I had the Rife microscope at
our World Research Foundation
facility.
He got to see it.
He was not involved
with the Ergonom 400.
He goes back to Germany, and
he starts telling these people,
"I just saw this incredible
microscope from the '20s."
And a friend of his
says, "Oh, there
is another man in
another part of Germany
who is building microscopes."
Muschlein goes to Kurt Olbrich.
He wasn't using it for medicine.
He was looking for
flaws in computer chips.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>ROSS: And
Muschlein said to him
are you using this for medicine?
He goes, well, no.
They don't need this, do they?
>>REGINA: Oh.
And a beautiful friendship
was born from that.
>>ROSS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And Muschlein actually
drove me to Kurt's place
at like 150 miles an
hour on the Autobahn.
I still remember that.
>>ROSS: So the Rife
led Muschlein there.
It is an incredible device
that they had developed again
and, I believe,
really perfected.
They took terminal
cancer patients
to the Mary Ellen Scripps Ranch
in La Jolla, California-- 14
people.
And after 30 days, 12 of them
were judged clinically cured
of cancer.
>>REGINA: What was the
protocol they used?
>>ROSS: They used the
Rife frequency device.
>>REGINA: They used
the frequency device.
Oh, goodness.
>>ROSS: And the doctors who were
involved with that-- Alvin Ford
was the president of
the American Association
of Pathologists who
was on that committee
and was one of the
ones who proclaimed
that these patients had
been rectified of cancer.
So when I hear, again, that
Rife thought he had something
and there were a
few people involved,
you're talking about the
president of the American
Association of Pathologists.
You're talking about heads
of research departments.
The greatest one, though--
and I brought an article which
your audience will
be able to see--
was from John Hopkins,
Lewellys Barker.
And the article said
Lewellys Barker had just
come from Royal Rife, whose
microscope is 10 times more
powerful than any in existence.
Rife said, according
to everyone,
it's impossible,
because he's violating
all the laws of optics.
So I told Rife,
they're going to have
to make some new laws,
then, because they
don't know what
they're talking about.
>>REGINA: That's right-- just
like the other physicists
told Olbrich.
Very true.
Let's get into what
actually happened to Rife,
for all of his good work.
>>ROSS: Well, he
develops a microscope.
He starts having one
prestigious doctor after another
come to his laboratory,
page through or look
through this microscope,
become so overwhelmed.
They tell somebody.
And we end up with the picture
and all those various doctors
from the mail, from John
Hopkins, from Harvard.
Now, there was a
letter that we have.
Basically, the American Medical
Association contacted Rife
and said, we would like
a piece of the action.
What action?
Well, we would like part of all
the sales of any microscopes
that you develop.
And he goes, why?
You're not involved with that.
It was interesting to note
that the AMA-- and I have
an original letter here from
Scientific America asking why.
This is the original letter,
basically, from 1932,
Scientific America
saying, why is it
there has been no account
in the medical journals
of this incredible
invention that you have?
And that is the reason,
because he said,
we're not giving you
a piece of the action.
So that kind of
made it difficult,
because the AMA was not
telling other doctors.
Now, Rife was also working
with the International Cancer
Institute, forerunner
of the Cancer Society.
They came out.
They had given him
a little grant.
And they visited him.
And they said,
oh, wait a minute.
We've observed
everything you've done.
You've worked with human
cancers and you've cured them.
That's not going to work for us.
I'm paraphrasing, but I
have the original letters.
We want you to continue
working with rat cancers.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ROSS: And then, if you
come up with something,
we'll see where we
can proceed next.
>>REGINA: But lay
off the humans.
>>ROSS: Lay off the humans.
I also have a letter where
the doctors with Rife
said, there is a woman
named Mott Sly who
is able to produce a cancer in
rats in any part of their body
that she wants,
any type of cancer.
I read this letter--
and this letter
was written in the '30s-- and
I'm thinking, wait a minute.
Somebody actually
had enough awareness
to produce any type of
cancer in any type of rat
that they wanted.
And then other
people are claiming
they didn't know
anything about cancer.
They're investigating.
They're doing research.
The International
Cancer Institute
canceled any money with Rife.
And now, this is when it
gets more interesting.
Most of the doctors
with Rife were basically
told not to work with him
anymore, which they stopped.
They left Rife.
This was around 1935, 1936.
In 1940, Rife was
still trying to see
if he could make inroads.
But all of his
greatest supporters--
Milbank Johnson had
checked into a hospital
for a routine medical exam.
He never checked out of
Pasadena County Hospital.
Arthur Kendall, a great
supporter-- he went to Mexico,
was never heard from again.
Rife was left alone.
But in 1944, the Smithsonian
Institute interviews
Rife because they thought this
was a new development, tell
the story, and then
nothing happened.
The doctors left Rife.
Rife became basically a drunk.
And he was in the San
Diego area and was
befriended by a man
named John Crane.
And John Crane heard the
story, took Rife in, and really
was given all of those
materials at that time.
In Rife's obituary-- he
died in 1971-- he said,
all I wanted to do was
build a microscope that
would help medicine,
because he didn't originally
do it for cancer.
He did it because he knew that
he could build a device that
would really help and
be something extremely
beneficial for humanity.
What happened to him
is really a travesty.
But I want people to think about
the people who have had cancer.
That's who we should cry about.
It's not about the
conspiracies, Regina.
>>REGINA: It's
about all the people
that could have been helped
instead of mutilated.
>>ROSS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: It makes me very sad.
>>ROSS: Because I ask always
about a Pepsi Challenge.
My Pepsi Challenge
would be pharmaceuticals
against electromagnetism.
Electromagnetism, frequency,
is the basis of all existence.
And as we get into
another segment
and people start to hear about
the great researchers who
proved that as cancer
tumor is growing,
there's a change in the
electrical potential,
there is a more positive
charge on that tumor.
Who is the man who
discovered that?
Oh, Bjorn Nordenstrom,
the chairman
of the Nobel Assembly
of Medicine in Sweden.
>>REGINA: And when we have
our next conversation,
we'll talk about
how he was treated.
So you came in
contact with Crane.
>>ROSS: I came in
contact with John Crane
and was given the Rife
microscope, the universal.
There's all kinds of talks.
There were some
other microscopes.
But none were as powerful
as that universal microscope
and what it was able to do.
So I did have that microscope,
was able to see it.
It was not in complete
working condition at the time,
but it was there,
as I said, with all
the original documents.
So I am very aware of what
they were trying to do,
where the pressure was
coming from at the time.
And it was just too
much for not only
Rife, but if people
take a good look
at the picture of the doctors
in that dinner party--
>>REGINA: Yes, that wonderful
assembly of end of cancer.
>>ROSS: --they were not
exactly the supermans.
They were not going to go out
and jeopardize their careers.
So they all folded.
And there was no
internet at the time.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ROSS: With the
internet, and with shows
like that you have here, a lot
of people hear these stories.
But back in his time,
they disappeared.
I started part of our segment
talking about pleomorphism.
Now, pleomorphism is something
that the medical profession
does not like
because they'd like
you to believe that there's
a silver bullet answer.
There is no silver
bullet answer.
There are rods and different
shapes to these microbes
that they mutate.
They took a bacillus coli,
a substance in the body,
and they could turn it into
a deadly typhus pathogen
just by altering the frequency
of the environment it was in,
which means you
don't catch cancer.
You may not catch any of
these diseases and illnesses.
They are in all of our
bodies, and they come out
when the environment is changed.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>ROSS: Food, the
thought, the mind--
it alters the environment.
That is the way medicine
should be looking.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And Crane, just because he
was in possession of this,
he ran into some ill
fortune along the way, too.
He was drugged.
I think his lab was broken into.
I think he was beaten.
He was an old man, and
all these horrible things
were happening to him.
And it's lucky that you
ended up with the scope.
But then the scope went away?
>>ROSS: Yes.
It did.
That's a long story.
I don't know if we have
enough time for that.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we
don't have time for it.
It went away.
>>ROSS: Yes.
And it is around.
My associates know where it is.
So it hasn't disappeared.
It is around.
This is not a wives' tale.
All the newspaper
articles, pictures
that appeared at the time.
It was real.
It was bona fide.
Why is it not in use today?
It is just as dangerous today
to buck against the system.
The old boy system of the quote
that you read of Benjamin Rush
is so prevalent.
I'm going to repeat
these figures again
in the other segment.
But I want to share
them right now.
The pharmaceutical lobby
between 1998 and 2008
spent $1.5 billion at the
federal level-- $1.5 billion.
That was reported
in Reader's Digest.
It was done by a
research organization
for ethics and politics.
You have to ask
yourself, why is there
a lobby for pharmaceuticals?
Why would they need a lobby?
Well, here's your answer.
They have made sure that
anything in the electromagnetic
spectrum cannot really
have its fair assessment.
And Rife-- it's just as
bad now, but in his day,
there was no hope.
There really was not the
proliferation of information.
And Rife became a
drunk, passed away.
And now, I'm very sad to
say that these people who
have run around with Rife
devices, stealing Rife's name,
and getting it banned by
different state authorities
as illegal and unauthorized
contraptions have now
made it even more difficult that
the right Rife information will
ever be out there and
tested accurately.
>>REGINA: But there are
some things going on
and the world is changing.
And I think that is
going to be corrected.
>>ROSS: And I am here because
you are a positive person,
and so am I, so we
know that it will.
>>REGINA: I know
that there are things
that are happening behind the
scenes that may bring this back
around for a full
proper evaluation.
>>ROSS: Correct.
>>REGINA: And I
think we might even
start seeing some inroads
getting past the big pharma
industry in this.
Meanwhile, this takes us to the
Nemescope, an equally shocking
story.
And the images-- and
these are the images
I mentioned in the
open of the show.
These are not things
you've ever seen before.
Very few people in the world
have ever seen these images.
These are viruses and
molecular structure
of common substances
such as honey
that are being magnified
at 3 million times.
>>ROSS: 3.5 million.
And remember the Rife
scope was doing 60,000.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And let's talk
about the Nemescope.
Who was the inventor
and his story.
I mean, he also met
a tragic ending.
>>ROSS: Yes, Elmer
Nemes-- and this
is a drawing,
because it was really
never completely patented.
But this Nemes
microscope was developed
in North Hollywood, California,
and very, very close actually
to where I grew up in
Sun Valley, California.
>>REGINA: Probably not
far from Rife, even.
He was in southern
Cal too, wasn't he?
>>ROSS: Exactly, in San Diego.
So they were very, very
close in 19-- basically,
in the early 1950s.
Now, this Nemescope and its
principles are so profound.
Firstly, not only did it
magnify 3.5 million diameters--
>>REGINA: You can
see atomic structure.
>>ROSS: The atomic
structures, and everything
in color-- I should
add that this book that
is in your facility now is
the only Nemes presentation
book that is in existence.
And what we have here
is atoms with the lines
of force between the atoms.
>>REGINA: I don't
know if you can
see them-- these
little shadowy lines.
That's invisible.
>>ROSS: That is
invisible.
>>REGINA: That is invisible.
That's energy--
>>ROSS: You would
never see that with--
>>REGINA: That's
communication happening
between these atoms of honey.
Communication.
Live communication.
>>ROSS: What is
fascinating about that is,
and in conjunction,
this picture are
the lines of force of a magnet,
the north and south pole pull
of a magnet, that nobody-- no
human eye has ever seen that.
>>REGINA: These are lines
of force-- non physical.
>>ROSS: The lines of
force of the magnet.
This Nemescope was, I've got
to say, the most incredible.
Here is a picture of cytoplasm.
Look at the geometric structure.
>>ROSS: And the
beauty of nature.
So now we have this Nemescope.
And when Elmer
Nemes was describing
what was involved
here, his premise
was the electrons used in
the electron microscopes
were devitalizing or destroying.
He was using something
around the neutrino level,
and it would excite the
elements they were looking at,
causing irradiation.
And through this
radiation, the colors
came out-- the life force,
the energy that was there.
So Nemes, in 1957, happened
to have his Nemescope being
repaired at a camera shop.
And the way the story was
related by one of his closest
supporters, Betty Lee Morales,
who was an ex-CIA agent
and a good friend of Nemes--
she had this presentation book--
>>REGINA: This book.
>>ROSS: --this book
off the premises
when somebody broke in and
stole the Nemescope, never
to be seen again.
And a little bit
after that, Nemes
was killed in a bar room brawl.
And that was end of Nemes.
That was the end of
this super microscope.
>>REGINA: And did
he only have one?
>>ROSS: There was only one.
>>REGINA: There was
one. microscope.
And I asked you off camera
if you knew where it went
and what it might
be used for today.
And you said you had an idea.
>>ROSS: I had an idea.
And it was provided to me
by a researcher who actually
formerly worked
for the government
and stated that part
of it, they believe
the laws behind what he had done
went into the stealth program.
>>REGINA: Military
stealth program.
>>ROSS: Yes.
But there's no
validation of that.
There's very little
of Nemes other
than these incredible pictures.
And this--
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's show this.
>>ROSS: This is the
cancer virus taken
at 3.5 million magnification.
>>REGINA: 3.5 million.
So no one's seen this.
>>ROSS: Nobody.
>>REGINA: The world of medicine
has never ever seen this.
>>ROSS: Absolutely
never seen this.
>>REGINA: And so this
thing Bernard Muschlein
was talking about
all those years
ago, about this pleomorphism,
and the whole notion
that cancer is a virus-- that's
just getting some traction
today among the
alternative community.
>>ROSS: Well, these existed--
>>REGINA: --back then.
>>ROSS: Right.
It did.
>>REGINA: It's not
like it wasn't known.
>>ROSS: Right.
Exactly.
Nemes did not have the
great doctors that Rife had.
And I'm going to jump ahead
a little bit, because there's
always people in there-- there's
always the doubting Thomases.
Well, I don't know,
and we can't be sure
what these pictures are.
I would prefer that
people, if they
want to say something
like that, they
disprove what's here, because
we have too many people who
see facts and they'd say,
oh, I don't believe that.
But they don't give an
opposite explanation.
These are photographs taken
at 3.5 million magnification.
And if somebody else
has a picture at 3.5
that's different than
this, they should
be the ones talking, because the
pictures here of these viruses
are so unique.
>>REGINA: It's amazing.
This is the geometric
structure of magnesium?
>>ROSS: Yes.
They did all kinds of elements.
This is iron nucleids.
These are atoms
of iron nucleids.
>>REGINA: Look at that.
As Jay was saying, there's
a toroidal energy effect
around each one.
>>ROSS: We are looking
at the actual energy.
So we look at-- here
is a leukemia virus.
Nobody talks about that there's
anything with leukemia--
>>REGINA: It's a virus.
>>ROSS: It's a virus.
This is a picture of leukemia
virus as purported by Nemes.
I am not the one
who's validating it.
I am just a caretaker
of these materials.
The purpose of all this
is not to rag on anybody,
but to say let's do
research with tools
that work in an area that's
going to derive benefit.
There was Dr. Baylor.
In 1984, Dr. Baylor--
>>REGINA: Of Baylor University?
>>ROSS: Well, no, he--
>>REGINA: Different.
>>ROSS: Yeah, he was different.
He said, after 35 years of
intense research and money,
the outcome for cancer
has not changed one iota.
The outcome is death.
In other words, our
medicines are not
coming to any kind of solution.
The equivalent would
be if I brought you
to a new continent, Regina.
I said, here is this continent.
I want you to explore it,
but you can only go north.
But I want you to tell me.
North is our
pharmaceutical approach,
where we are not chemical.
We are electrical.
Every physicist,
every biologist knows
we are electromagnetic beings.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Let me ask you a
theoretical question.
If this microscope had
been in use, wide use
through universities
and so forth,
and the protocols
of Rife were still
put in use by properly
calibrated machines,
what would the profile of
disease look like today?
>>ROSS: The profile
of disease would
be, if there was any
modification at all,
we would be able to
see the frequency
of the altered mutated
pleomorphized item,
and we would be able to
destroy it exactly the same.
What happens when a
singer hits a note
and there is a glass, resonant?
>>REGINA: Right.
Shatters it.
>>ROSS: It shatters it.
This is very simplistic,
but it's the same thing.
The frequency doesn't just
destroy one cancer cell.
It would destroy
all the cancer cells
resonating at that frequency.
In Rife's letters,
they had already
seen there were different
elements with tuberculosis.
They saw some rods.
They saw some other elements.
They kept finding
the frequencies.
Now, how did they do it?
Because the color
of those elements,
those microbes,
bacteria, germs, had
changed to the point, new color,
new frequency, we destroy it.
>>REGINA: Color is frequency.
>>ROSS: Color is a
rate of frequency.
So the world of
medicine would have
meant there would have been
no Siebel Geigy, no Murk,
no-- they would have either
been in electromagnetics--
because why would you have
needed a chemical when you have
a frequency that has
already destroyed
the microbe or bacteria?
The theory that these
people wanted-- well,
how do you keep
yourself healthy?
You would come into
an institune location
where all your frequencies
would be balanced.
>>REGINA: And you
didn't mean "institute."
You meant "institune."
>>ROSS: Institune.
That's exactly right.
And you would have your
frequencies balanced.
There's so many
areas that I would
have liked to have gone into.
And we will in the second show.
>>REGINA: We still have time.
>>ROSS: OK, because the great
researchers of this country
and of the world have shown
when a cancer tumor is growing,
there is a change in the
electrical potential or charge.
>>REGINA: Yes, we
mentioned that.
>>ROSS: And it wasn't
just Bjorn Nordenstrom.
It goes over and over.
It goes back in time.
I brought a book to show in
our next segment from 1877
where the medical doctor cured
a man of a chest cancer using
electricity 100 years
before Dr. Nordenstrom
was receiving all
of this credit.
We have doctors over at Yale
University who-- they developed
devices that could measure on
your body changes of frequency.
And they knew that a cancer
would form there three weeks
before a tumor ever came.
So what would the
landscape be, Regina?
The landscape would be one where
preventive health care would
already start before the tumor
or any of these other devices
would even show up.
>>REGINA: Now, there is a
complementary technology
to that right now, which
is maybe a beginning point.
And it has to do with
the technology created
by Konstantin Karotkov.
>>ROSS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And it's
now being made.
They're in the
process of making it
available to the public
at a very low price.
So any practitioner,
healer, or even family
who can run a computer and stick
their fingers in a box can see.
And I've seen this.
>>ROSS: As I have.
>>REGINA: It's very accurate.
>>ROSS: It is phenomenal.
It is so Star Trek-y that--
>>REGINA: Oh, my god.
You stick each of
your 10 fingers
in this little box where
the light is blocked out.
And this pad begins reading
the frequencies, which,
of course, in the
ends of your fingers
are attached to
the meridians that
go through all the organs of the
body, the vitality of the body.
And it shows the whole spectrum
of your health-- exactly where
your energy's off, where
the frequency's off
or something's developing.
That's going to be on
the market right away.
>>ROSS: And it's been
around a long time.
Now, I do want to at least
add in this segment something
positive.
We are starting the
World Research Fund.
And the World Research Fund
through our world research
is intended to take this
massive amounts of monies
and channel them
into energy medicine,
electromagnetics, microscopes,
resurrecting the Rife
microscope, resurrecting
the Nemescope.
There's other microscopes,
which we'll talk about.
>>REGINA: Hopefully resurrecting
the Tesla frequency device
generator.
>>ROSS: Definitely.
>>REGINA: The problem is-- and
I want you to get into this,
but you already
mentioned it earlier.
But I think it's
something that needs
to be clarified even further.
People that have these
Rife devices-- and I
know some really good people
and practitioners who have them.
And they are getting
some luck with them.
They are having some luck
in healing with them.
But they don't have the
degree of refined calibration
and targeting for the particular
disease, whatever, virus,
bacteria, et cetera,
that Rife's had.
And that's really what
you take exception to is
it's not accurately calibrated.
>>ROSS: It isn't.
And in this letter
from 1935-- I'm
just going to read it--
between Milbank Johnson.
"The basic principle
of this device
is to control a
desired frequency.
These frequencies vary upon
the organisms being treated.
The frequency with
its carrier wave
goes through a last stage
50 Watt output tube.
This tube acts as a
differential antenna,
and it's important that there
is an inert gas in this tube."
Well, I certainly am not
going to just give too much
over a show like this,
because people will run.
But they had a very
definite reason
why they did what they did.
Even though they had old radio
tubes, they were using gas.
>>REGINA: Noble gasses.
>>ROSS: All I hear is these
people go, you know what?
I'm smarter than Rife.
And I developed this new state
of the art with circuitry
and it does this.
>>REGINA: It's a little box
that puts out frequencies
at a certain rate
through electrons.
>>ROSS: Yes, but they had
more things going for them.
>>REGINA: Right.
It was passing through many
more processes of refinement.
>>ROSS: Exactly.
And who's to say that one of
those processes that these very
smart thinking people
today have bypassed
is making a difference?
Because they did not sit and
treat people with the multiple
frequencies at one time.
Nor were there
treatments for an hour.
So a lot of these devices,
when I've been asked--
and I had the Rife
microscope back in 1984.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ROSS: So I have said, look,
if you're claiming your device
works, I would like to know
you have a Rife device--
and you know we like Rife--
where is your documentation?
Show me a before and an after
using your Rife machine.
>>REGINA: Which, of
course, nobody can do.
>>ROSS: Well, of course.
>>REGINA: And so everyone's
out there saying,
no, no, I think that this
particular virus operates
at this particular frequency,
which might be 8.255 Hertz.
>>ROSS: Right.
>>REGINA: But in
fact, can you cause
damage if you're then treating
it and it's actually at 8.283?
>>ROSS: One of the
most dangerous things
in our universe is frequency.
>>REGINA: And electricity.
>>ROSS: It is a savior.
It can be a destroyer.
>>REGINA: So what happens if
it's calibrated incorrectly
and you're trying to work
with a person with, say,
a cancer of some kind?
>>ROSS: It will not do anything.
However, I'm not claiming these
Rife machines are that bad.
But the amount of studies
that have shown people
near high tension wires,
miners under the ground
with the lights at the top
of the caves that they're in,
basically, or the
mines that they're in,
have increased incidences
of leukemia and cancer.
So one frequency will cause
cancer, or many frequencies,
and other millivolts of
electricity can destroy it.
I just don't like
what is being done.
And when somebody has answered
who has these machines,
well, Steve, you know
with the FDA and the AMA--
I'm worried about the doctor.
Here's what I say.
Scratch out the doctor's name.
Scratch out the patient's name.
Show me a before and after.
And oh, yes, by the way, did
your patient change their diet?
Are they meditating?
Are they listening to music?
Because then you don't know--
>>REGINA: All those things
change the environment, which
is changing and it's in a
state of flux all the time.
>>ROSS: But did that work
and not their machine?
>>REGINA: Right.
You want to wait until the Rife
microscope or better has been
returned or completed, and
then look at the calibration,
however these machines
are calibrated.
And you're saying it's in
everyone's best interest
to try to recreate the
original thought, if not
exact technology.
>>ROSS: I would think,
because the difference is
the results that they
were getting back then
and the caliber
of the researchers
and what they had to say
in their follow up letters
and what they were
doing is not happening.
I believe part of that, Regina,
is the positive thinking
of the story of Rife.
And then I give you this
machine that I have developed,
and I told you that story.
How much is that worth?
Because what I have learned
is the Rife machines always
work at first for people,
and then they tell me,
gosh, it wasn't so
effective later.
Or after two weeks, it
wasn't having the same--
or I gave my machine away.
And then that Rife
name ends up to be--
I'm going to say it's trashed.
And I'm a purist.
I say start from the original.
And I mean the originals.
And then back track.
And like I said, I've
met too many people
who tell me they're
great physicists
and they know better,
but they're not
doing the same thing.
>>REGINA: They don't have
access to the information.
>>ROSS: Correct.
>>REGINA: Now, there is another
device, another microscope
that's on the horizon.
And it's coming very close?
Has a patent?
>>ROSS: It is patented.
>>REGINA: And what will
that offer along this line?
>>ROSS: This other
microscope is going
to offer a depth very,
very close to the Rife.
I have seen pictures
through this microscope.
The inventors need a little
bit of financial resources
to complete it the way
that they would like.
But the patent has
already been granted.
And what was exciting was
they are seeing particles,
living organisms
in gold, in silver.
They are looking
at a world again
that is so unique to what
we are familiar with.
I laugh.
We're talking about billions
being spent for research
and they're using Mickey
Mouse microscopes.
And even the ones that
are purportedly more
powerful with their shadows
and not seeing clearly,
money needs to be spent.
I hope and wish, I pray, that
there are opulent people who
are watching this program
and will say, you know what?
If I go the standard
route, I'm going
to die of cancer like
all of the big movie
stars, all the politicians.
They had plenty of
money, but they're
looking in the wrong direction.
Let's make a commitment to spend
$5 million out of $20 billion,
set up electromagnetic
research areas.
We have the basic frequencies.
We know what was being
done-- and really
see what we can come up
with instead of this old boy
network that never really
derives any benefit.
>>REGINA: And the
reality is some
of these things are being done
with some success already,
but not within the US, because
what happens if you try
to use an electromagnetic
healing device in the US?
When you were telling me
this-- I had heard this before,
but every time, it just
gets my blood boiling.
What happens if you
set out to do that?
>>ROSS: In my book,
And Nothing Happened
But You Can Make It Happen,
I have a whole sequence
of different items like this.
Now, I want to
mention the diapoles.
I don't know if that was
one you were thinking.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
I do want to talk
about that in some
depth in the next show.
>>ROSS: Yeah.
The diapoles accelerated
wound healing twice
normal speed, documented
at 20 US universities,
used in the Olympics.
The FDA banned it
as a quack device
because it was mislabeled.
Why?
Because it said it
accelerated healing.
The FDA said that is
obviously mislabeled
because nothing can do that.
And it was banned for 15 years
in the United States-- used
in several Olympics, used over
in Europe, until the diapoles
corporation beat the FDA in
court when the judge asked,
FDA, what do you got?
They got 35 studies.
You have nothing.
>>REGINA: So there are
some good things happening.
What I was referring
to is if an MD decided
he wanted to use some kind
of electrical healing device,
they're not--
>>ROSS: Well, they
could lose their--
>>REGINA: They'll lose
their license right away.
>>ROSS: They could, because
that would be automatic.
They would not even be
allowed, because you
know where the
pharmaceutical was spending
a lot of their money
with the government?
To legislate laws that
chemotherapy and radiation--
>>REGINA: Are the
first line of defense.
>>ROSS: Right, and
everything else, then,
would be alternative medicine.
>>REGINA: And is
that now how it is?
>>ROSS: It's a little better
because there are some states,
there are some
areas where there's
a little bit more freedom.
But that's only if you
don't have too much success,
because you see, the
more success you have,
you become a threat
to somebody's income.
And the income is-- we want
you to keep taking a pill.
Because with all of
the pharmaceuticals
that we talk about, what
really rectifies the problem?
Did it rectify cancer,
arthritis, diabetes?
Or is it just helping you
tolerate, to live with pain?
And so these techniques
we're talking about
went right to the source
to stop it, to end it.
But our medicine
today isn't like that.
The doctors can
lose their license.
Brzezinski didn't lose his
license-- Dr. Brzesinski
antineoplastins in Houston.
But they have to spend money
beating off the authorities.
>>REGINA: Constantly
fighting the legal system.
>>ROSS: Every month, right.
>>REGINA: Right.
And any income they
have really goes
to their own legal defense.
>>ROSS: That's correct.
>>REGINA: And the
energy's drained off
when these incredible,
especially cancer, cures
are right there and
available for all of us.
>>ROSS: And I don't know if
we have a minute left, but--
>>REGINA: About
one minute, yeah.
>>ROSS: I spoke about Dr.
Nordenstrom, in Sweden.
We had him.
I was with this man for
two weeks in Los Angeles.
He was telling me-- he's
the discoverer of needle
biopsy, top radiologist,
but when he came out
with his cure or
his technique, they
called him an alternative
medical practitioner.
So when you hear the word
"alternative," your audience,
don't think that
means no credentials.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
And I interviewed about three
months ago Patrick Flanagan.
Patrick Flanagan has an
unusually full understanding
of energy, for a lot of
factors and going deep
into his past life
as Nikola Tesla.
And I asked him about
some of his technologies
he's worked with.
And I said, well, how
do you keep healthy?
And he said he takes an
electrical bath every day.
Well, he can, first of
all, create the device
and calibrate it properly.
So he sits within the
radiation of this electricity
in this electricity
bath every day.
And he said it kills everything.
I don't have to
worry about disease.
>>ROSS: And it's going to be
shown, in the next segment we
do when we talk about some
of these particulars, how
accurate-- and in the '20s,
they already had come up
with frequencies and this bath.
That's perfect.
I like it.
>>REGINA: It is perfect.
So with that, Steven is
going to be joining us again
for another conversation we have
alluded to already about what
has happened to all these
magnificent technologies,
along with others that
were killing the most
vicious diseases without
any harmful side effects.
This is a story that naturally
makes a lot of people angry.
But it also offers a glimpse as
to what's still available to us
now, even if we do have
to dig a bit to find it.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.